README.md, before:

# [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com)

## How to run

Puzzles can be run using the Gradle `run` task or by executing the project's JAR file:

* All available puzzles (all years and days):
  * `./gradlew run` or `java -jar build/libs/AdventOfCode.jar`
* All puzzles from a given year:
  * `./gradlew run --args "2020"` or `java -jar build/libs/AdventOfCode.jar 2020`
* A single puzzle for a given year/day:
  * `./gradlew run --args "2020/25"` or `java -jar build/libs/AdventOfCode.jar 2020/25`

These arguments can be combined to run multiple puzzles, e.g.
`./gradlew run --args "2015/1 2019 2020/6 2020/7"` will run the first puzzle from 2015, then all puzzles from 2019 and lastly the 6th and 7th puzzle from 2020. 

## Structure

***Legend:** `XXXX`: Year (4 digits, e.g. `2020`) &bullet; `YY`: Day (leading zero, e.g. `07`) &bullet; `ZZZZ`: Puzzle name (UpperCamelCase, e.g. `HandyHaversacks`)*

* Inputs go into `src/main/resources/inputs` and follow the naming convention `yearXXXX/dayYY.txt`
* Solutions go into `src/main/kotlin/adventofcode` and follow the naming convention `yearXXXX/DayYYZZZZ.kt`
* Solutions extend the `Puzzle` class and call its constructor passing an optional alternative input
* Solutions can have one or two parts sharing the same input. Not overriding `fun partTwo(): Any` will skip the second part when running the puzzle

Commit message:

Add index to README.md

README.md, after:

# [Advent of Code](https://adventofcode.com)

## How to run

Puzzles can be run using the Gradle `run` task or by executing the project's JAR file:

* All available puzzles (all years and days):
  * `./gradlew run` or `java -jar build/libs/AdventOfCode.jar`
* All puzzles from a given year:
  * `./gradlew run --args "2020"` or `java -jar build/libs/AdventOfCode.jar 2020`
* A single puzzle for a given year/day:
  * `./gradlew run --args "2020/25"` or `java -jar build/libs/AdventOfCode.jar 2020/25`

These arguments can be combined to run multiple puzzles, e.g.
`./gradlew run --args "2015/1 2019 2020/6 2020/7"` will run the first puzzle from 2015, then all puzzles from 2019 and lastly the 6th and 7th puzzle from 2020.

## Structure

***Legend:** `XXXX`: Year (4 digits, e.g. `2020`) &bullet; `YY`: Day (leading zero, e.g. `07`) &bullet; `ZZZZ`: Puzzle name (UpperCamelCase, e.g. `HandyHaversacks`)*

* Inputs go into `src/main/resources/inputs` and follow the naming convention `yearXXXX/dayYY.txt`
* Solutions go into `src/main/kotlin/adventofcode` and follow the naming convention `yearXXXX/DayYYZZZZ.kt`
* Solutions extend the `Puzzle` class and call its constructor passing an optional alternative input
* Solutions can have one or two parts sharing the same input. Not overriding `fun partTwo(): Any` will skip the second part when running the puzzle

## Index

### 2022

| Day | Puzzle                  | Links                                                                                                                                                                                                              | ⭐️ Part 1 | ⭐️ Part 2 |
|-----|-------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------|-----------|
| 1   | Calorie Counting        | [[AoC](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/1)] [[Solution](src/main/kotlin/adventofcode/year2022/Day01CalorieCounting.kt)] [[Test](src/test/kotlin/adventofcode/year2022/Day01CalorieCountingSpec.kt)]               | 72240     | 210957    |
| 2   | Rock Paper Scissors     | [[AoC](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/2)] [[Solution](src/main/kotlin/adventofcode/year2022/Day02RockPaperScissors.kt)] [[Test](src/test/kotlin/adventofcode/year2022/Day02RockPaperScissorsSpec.kt)]           | 12458     | 12683     |
| 3   | Rucksack Reorganization | [[AoC](https://adventofcode.com/2022/day/3)] [[Solution](src/main/kotlin/adventofcode/year2022/Day03RucksackReorganization.kt)] [[Test](src/test/kotlin/adventofcode/year2022/Day03RucksackReorganizationSpec.kt)] | 7878      | 2760      |
